README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
Hello my name is Rhode! I'm a CS student at Florida International University (FIU). I hope to learn many new skills in my journey <3


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhode-sanchez/) [![Pinterest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-%23E60023.svg?logo=Pinterest&logoColor=white)](https://pinterest.com/rhodesanchez1012) 
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/officialpollotropical) 


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)


---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=rhodemilk&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update personal information and interests in README
Expanded personal introduction and added interests in machine learning and collaboration.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
Hello my name is Rhode! I'm a passionate computer science student at Florida International University (FIU) pursuing a B.A. in Computer Science with a minor in mathematical sciences and history. I am currently a sophomore and hope to learn many new skills in my journey. 

My curiosity currently is in machine learning, specifically good recommendation systems. I also like algorithimic problem-solving, as well as full stack development.

I'm always eager to collaborate on projects, learn new skills, and innovate with others.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhode-sanchez/) [![Pinterest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-%23E60023.svg?logo=Pinterest&logoColor=white)](https://pinterest.com/rhodesanchez1012) 
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/officialpollotropical) 


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)


---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=rhodemilk&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
